README.md, before:

# BibTeX and BibLaTeX journal-style files

This repository contains a collection of BibTeX and BibLaTeX formattings for different journals.

# BibTeX styles

## nature.bst

A style compatible with guidelines for *Nature* journals (https://www.nature.com/). It is only suitable for those *Nature*-publications that include article titles and book titles for InCollection in the references. The style requires "\usepackage{natbib}" to work and uses the "\cite{}" command. It is much closer to the current *Nature* style than the style naturemag.bst included in the LaTeX package "nature", which has not been updated in quite a while.

# BibLaTeX styles

## ISME_BibFormatting.tex

A style for the journal *The ISME Journal* based on style guides provided by the [International Society for Microbial Ecology](https://www.isme-microbes.org/).

## Palaeontology_BibFormatting.tex

A style for the journals *Palaeontology* and *Papers in Palaeontology* (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/14754983) based on the style guides provided by the [Palaeontological Association](https://www.palass.org/publications/palaeontology-journal#for-authors).

## PLOS_BibFormatting.tex

A style for the PLoS journals based on the style guides provided by the [Public Library of Science](https://plos.org/).

# Author

Manuel F. G. Weinkauf, Univerzita Karlova, Institute of Geology and Palaeontology, 128 43 Praha, Czech Republic; Manuel.Weinkauf@unige.ch

Commit message:

Style for J. R. Soc., Interface added

README.md, after:

# BibTeX and BibLaTeX journal-style files

This repository contains a collection of BibTeX and BibLaTeX formattings for different journals.

# BibTeX styles

## nature.bst

A style compatible with guidelines for *Nature* journals (https://www.nature.com/). It is only suitable for those *Nature*-publications that include article titles and book titles for InCollection in the references. The style requires "\usepackage{natbib}" to work and uses the "\cite{}" command. It is much closer to the current *Nature* style than the style naturemag.bst included in the LaTeX package "nature", which has not been updated in quite a while.

# BibLaTeX styles

## Interface_BibFormatting.tex

A style for the journal *Journal of the Royal Society Interface* based on style guides provided by the [Royal Society](https://royalsociety.org/journals/authors/author-guidelines/).

## ISME_BibFormatting.tex

A style for the journal *The ISME Journal* based on style guides provided by the [International Society for Microbial Ecology](https://www.isme-microbes.org/).

## Palaeontology_BibFormatting.tex

A style for the journals *Palaeontology* and *Papers in Palaeontology* (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/14754983) based on the style guides provided by the [Palaeontological Association](https://www.palass.org/publications/palaeontology-journal#for-authors).

## PLOS_BibFormatting.tex

A style for the PLoS journals based on the style guides provided by the [Public Library of Science](https://plos.org/).

# Author

Manuel F. G. Weinkauf, Univerzita Karlova, Institute of Geology and Palaeontology, 128 43 Praha, Czech Republic; Manuel.Weinkauf@unige.ch
